gh-57911: Sanitize symlink targets in tarfile on win32 (#138309)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-08-31-22-10-22.gh-issue-57911.N_Ixtv.rst

> When extracting tar files on Windows Posix flavoured path separators in symlink
> targets will be replaced by backward-slashes to prevent corrupted links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When extracting tar files on Windows, slashes in symlink
targets will be replaced by backslashes to prevent corrupted links.
```
